Questions:

----------------

We have hardcoded the min frequency span setting to 112kHz (found on a WSUB1G)
    Any way to learn this ?

A: This is documented in the specs of each model, see specs on the website and also check code in the C# app.
All models under 1GHz band are limited to 112Khz span whereas the 2.4Ghz model is limited to 2MHz span.

----------------

When the device is in a menu mode as opposed to graph display mode - there is no output/response from the serial port. 
    So can we reliably detect/change mode ?

A: Everytime there is a mode change (span, dBm, center freq, etc) the RF Explorer will send a new Current_Config message.
As the device is not multitask, nothing is actually happening when the menu is open so there is no need to send anything
to the serial port. However, if you have active Dump Screen the device will send screenshots anytime a menu screen is
updated.

----------------

Current_Config

    Seems the frequency fields in setConfig are %07d and the dBms are %03d
        is that mandatory ?

A: Yes this is fixed field length.

    It says size==30 bytes == but cmd string excluding #<len> is exactly 30 - so that makes <size> 32. 

A: You are correct, <size> was not updated after a last minute field change. Fixed. Thanks for reporting.

    It says Freq_Step in the spec - but the code seems to use nEndKhz in UpdateRemoteConfigData()

A: You are correct, fixed, thanks for reporting. It is actually freq_step from RFE->PC but End_Freq from PC->RFE.

----------------

Spectrum
    is the band from minFreq to minFreq-Span -- or is it centered around minFreq

A: Communication PC<->RFE is always start-end freq span, the center is a calculated subproduct but never used in commands.

----------------

Numbers of samples in Spectrum
    We look at the byte just after $S. What is a sensible/acceptable range ?

A: This is very open for the future modes RFE will support. You can expect something as low as 13 (for 13 wifi channels) and
as high as 255.

----------------

Hardcoding of dBm range of -001 (max) to -120 (min) with 10dBm separation.
    Can we learn this somehow ?
    Is it the same for all devices ?

A: This is the same practical limit for all devices. However, some devices may not go as low as -120dBm but still is a 
good lower limit to use in the software.

----------------

On OSX
    Is the driver always called 'SLAB' ? So we can auto select that one if found and no prefs.
    CP210x Macintosh OSX VCP Driver v2.9 - May 17, 2011

A: You may need to check what may happen if you have two SLAB devices connected. Silabs is used in many devices out there,
so what the Windows PC client does is check if one (and only one) Silabs device is actually connected. If it is, then
automatically link and try to bound to the device. However, if it finds 2 or more, then populates the combobox with available
ports but doesn't try to connect as it assumes it may not be a RFExplorer device but something else.

There are ways to mark the Silabs chip with an OEM ID we actually got approved for. However, Windows Vista and Windows 7 
makes these drivers "unsigned" and that poses a lot of limitations. You can safely assume the driver will be presented
as SLAB for the foreseable future.

----------------

TODO:
    fix die/stop/start of serial port (re)inserts.
